feat: lessons about crawling and scraping product detail pages in Python (#1244)
apify/apify-docs: sources/academy/webscraping/scraping_basics_python/11_scraping_variants.md

:::tip Python syntax you might not know

Since Python 3.8, you can use `:=` to simplify checking if an assignment resulted in a non-empty value. It's called an _assignment expression_ or _walrus operator_. You can learn more about it in the [docs](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/expressions.html#assignment-expressions) or in the [proposal document](https://peps.python.org/pep-0572/).

Since Python 3.9, you can use `|` to merge two dictionaries. If the [docs](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#dict) aren't clear enough, check out the [proposal document](https://peps.python.org/pep-0584/) for more details.

:::

If you run the program, you should see 34 items in total. Some items should have no variant:

<!-- eslint-skip -->
```json title=products.json
[
  ...
  {
    "variant_name": null,
    "title": "Klipsch R-120SW Powerful Detailed Home Speaker - Unit",
    "min_price": "324.00",
    "price": "324.00",
    "url": "https://warehouse-theme-metal.myshopify.com/products/klipsch-r-120sw-powerful-detailed-home-speaker-set-of-1",
    "vendor": "Klipsch"
  },
  ...
]
```

> Some products where we're missing the actual price should now have several variants:

Reviewer: I actually didn't understand why the price was missing and thought it was a bug until I read to the section where you add the prices.

```suggestion
Some products where we're missing the actual price will now have several variants. We will scrape the price later for those products.
```

Author: That's a good catch as well. I'll re-read the lesson and try to make this part more comprehensible.

Author: Addressed in [b82b673](https://github.com/apify/apify-docs/pull/1244/commits/b82b673a31d8a7769e5b52c99a94a50b4480029a), thanks!
